feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/656479aa5f298441c190bf8f.md

---
id: 656479aa5f298441c190bf8f
title: Step 13
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-13
---

# --description--

> Create a `generate_password` function and put all your code except the `import` lines inside the function body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Declare a `generate_password` function and write all your code except the `import` lines inside the function body.
```
